Prepare for 2.23.0 release (#2970)
gaphor/gaphor: CHANGELOG.md

2.23.0
------

> - Add types for parameters
> - Restore windows in maximized and fullscreened state
> - Wrap element names
> - Fix values showing under part compartment
> - Add merge-node icon
> - Format files accessed from Flatpak via portals
> - Update PropertyPages to use Gtk.ColumnView and ListView
> - Replace deprecated Gtk.FileChooser by FileDialog
> - Replace deprecated use of CssProvider.load_from_data
> - Replace in-app notifications by Adwaita Toasts
> - macOS: Update app icon
> - macOS: Fix ⓘ icon in PropertyPages isn't displayed
> - macOS and Windows: Apply custom window shadow
> - Be very defensive about settings schema sources
> - Fix connecting lines when model is loaded and documentation updates
> - Fix macOS build and documentation generation
> - Update GitHub Actions labeler action to v5
> - Fix pipx install error in Linux
> - Update to Gaphas 4.0
> - Update Russian, Chinese, and German translations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support types for parameters
- Restore windows in maximized and full-screen state
- Very long element names are now wrapped
- Format files accessed from Flatpak via portals
- Update Property Editor to use Gtk.ColumnView and ListView
- Replace deprecated Gtk.FileChooser by FileDialog
- Replace in-app notifications by Adwaita Toasts
- macOS: Update app icon
- macOS: Fix ⓘ icon in Property Editor isn't displayed
- macOS and Windows: Apply custom window shadow
- Fix Gaphor should work if GSettings schema is not available
- Fix values showing under part compartment in SysML Block elements
- Fix merge-node icon
- Fix connecting lines when model is loaded and documentation updates
- Fix macOS build and documentation generation
- Update Russian, Chinese, and German translations
```

I removed the items that had to do with "internal" stuff (build pipelines, version upgrades).

We can also drop `--filesystem=host` mode in our flatpak ;)
